# Config (Terminal Configuration)

> ***Directory to hold all the defaults and configurations for the terminal emulator aspect of Cmder.***

---

## Usage

This folder is used to configure Cmder. Things like:

- Fonts
- Images & Icons
- Cmder settings export *(either `settings.xml` or `ConEmu.xml`)*

---

## Notes on existing files

The following should be moved out of `config`:

- **Default Profiles** - These should be moved to `%ROOT%\shells\powershell\profiles\default.ps1` . 
- **History** - Should be moved to the `%ROOT%\shells\powershell\logs\history.log`
- **Plugins** - Move to `%ROOT%\shells\powershell\plugins\`. This includes completions.
- **CLink** - Goes into CMD Plugins folder. Log should be served out of `cmd\logs\clink.log`

---

## Articles of Interest

- [CLink Documentation](https://gist.github.com/jchandra74/5b0c94385175c7a8d1cb39bc5157365e)

---

**`VIA THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENTS`**

## Config Folder

All config files must be in this folder. If there is no option to set this folder 
directly, it has to be hardlinked.

* `user_aliases.cmd`: aliases in cmd; called from vendor\init.bat; autocreated from
  `vendor\user_aliases.cmd.default`.
* `*.lua`: clink completions and prompt filters; autoloaded after all
  prompt filter and clink completions are initialized; add your own.
* `user_profile.{sh|cmd|ps1}`: startup files for bash|cmd|powershell tasks; called from their
  respective startup scripts in `vendor\`; autocreated from
  `vendor\user_profile.{sh|cmd|ps1}.default` on first start of such a task.
* `.history`: the current commandline history; autoupdated on close.
* `settings`: settings for readline; overwritten on update.
* `user-ConEmu.xml`: settings from ConEmu the UI of Cmder. ;
  Do not edit this file directly it is overwritten on each cmder.exe launch.

---

**🤍 2023 [Brenton Holiday](https://brenton.holiday)**
